hello people to the neighborhood where he
I had a geek life, and this is the
band a usb pad manufactured by the a with the
Today 's video is for those who are
looking for two things a table
scanner and a trackpad is
recommended for those who want to quit
Use the mouse to work more
avoiding the pain caused by
by repetition of movements
asks the bamboo is compatible with windows and
mac in my tests she does not need
no installation
you will not have to worry about
download any dae
she replaces the mouse can be used
both with the pen and with the fingers
the body is all plastic with the
smooth surface that you can notice
accumulate a little bit of dust
the design of dall'acqua products is
always a compliment on the part né
on the bottom you can see that
fingerprints are easily
marked throughout the darker area but
This did not bother me much.
with a thickness of 1.5 centimeters
to be thinner than the planet is enough
lightweight but only 145 grams
the collection is necessary to review some
things first I found a lot
small which hurts a bit
footprint during the work routine
only one button that can be
used as a right mouse button
it is so small that it becomes smaller
with common pen
but thanks to the compact size it is
easily transported within the
own bamboo asks
another positive point is the fact that the
usb be removable which makes you
can change in the future
the track pad works great and still
recognizes multi-gestures such as the use of
two fingers to simulate the
scrolling mouse
here an example of scrolling with the two
their
and also the gesture of the afinsa to the zoom
on the page
the two buttons at the bottom help
so much time to click to drag
any tim the pen is much simpler
and much more intuitive to use gestures with
the fingers on the upper left
bamboo ped shows a led indicating your
use blue light to the fingers for
oranges for pens on monitors
using the pen
This example is very small.
trying to move a file from a monitor
to the other without success and we will list
the advantages that is what matters is
Portable USB Cable Removable Price
touchscreen plus buttons and
ease of use and the disadvantages is that
the candidate is too small a click
a few times during use and the
good service malfunctions with
larger monitors
The verdict buys bamboo pet if you want
an alternative to the apple track pad
for designers who uses a counter
in this I honestly does not recommend
but that's thanks for watching until
here and leave a couple is always help if
subscribe to the channel if you have not subscribed
still and until the next video to